---
layout: default
title: Call for Participants
---

The SaTC Aspiring PI workshop (**December 15-16**) is open to current and soon-to-be appointed faculty and industry professionals who qualify for submitting an NSF proposal to the SaTC program. (This includes PhD students and postdoctoral scholars who are on the job market in 2025-2026.) Participation in the workshop is limited to invitation-only. To apply, **please submit all application materials by October 17**. In addition to basic information, we also ask applicants to provide supplementary material during the submission (in PDF format), including:
* Two-page CV. We recommend the NSF style, as generated by [sciencv](https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/sciencv/)
* Personal statement (maximum 1 page) that briefly describes your professional background, area(s) of interest, and previous experience applying for NSF grants, if applicable.  

If invited to the workshop, you will also be asked to prepare a 2-3 page executive summary of a research project proposal (prior to arrival) that will be developed and expanded as part of the activities during the workshop. 


**Please Note**: Submissions and executive summaries will not be made public, regardless of whether you are accepted to the workshop. These materials are requested by the organizers solely for the purpose of making invitation decisions and to enhance the workshop experience. Decisions will be made subject to availability of space. Though applicants of all levels of experience are encouraged to apply, should the number of received applications exceed the number of available spaces, priority will be given to junior (or soon-to-be junior) faculty members first. 

**If selected, travel costs associated with participating in this workshop, including travel, meals, and other accommodations, will be reimbursed**.

<div class="reg-link">
<a href="https://umdsurvey.umd.edu/jfe/form/SV_aXLSFDtuwQ0mMgm">
<button>Apply Now</button>
</a>
</div>